Documentation: Add description for OAuth2 password grant type setup (#13613)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

token_url: <string>

# Optional parameters to append to the token URL.

> # To set 'password' grant type, add it to params:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To set 'password' grant type, you could for
# example add following to params:
```
